September 29, 1945
You better come out and have fun.
Say something, or I'll geld!
A doctor! A doctor!
Who said that? It's a flower.
It's not like going to see a flower.
It's a flower that's in the flowerpot.
It's like throwing away a cat's dead body.
Why would you say that?
Come on, it's a good feeling.
The spring breeze is blowing on the surface.
I don't know why, but I washed my shirt yesterday.
It's cold.
Don't throw it away.
Hey, go over there and see the couple.
Yeah, it's a good habit.
How much do you have?
It's a big deal.
No matter how cheap it is, it costs about 2,000 yen.
It's somewhere in the world.
2,000 yen for two people.
How much is it for you and me?
Don't ask me such a boring thing.
Yoshinoya is a kind of a scoundrel.
He's not a scoundrel, but how much is it?
There's no such thing as how much.
It's not like he's worth anything.
Yoshinoya, don't say such a boring thing.
How much is it? Tell me.
No matter how much you buy, it's 45,000 yen for two people.
45,000 yen?
I want to cry.
2,000 yen for two people and 45,000 yen for me.
That's too much.
You're so familiar.
You have friends.
I'll give you a beer, so buy it for 50,000 yen.
Don't talk about such a boring thing.
You're selling something in Kuzuya.
Talk about something bigger.
No, I won't.
I'll give you 100 yen for a while and I won't buy flowers.
Why are you talking about something so big?
It's too big.
I don't want to go deep.
Let's go under the field.
The top is better.
The bottom is better.
Why are you talking about that?
Look at this branch.
It's a good branch.
It's not a branch.
It's thick and it's not even my thing.
Why are you talking about that?
What about the hair?
I'll go to the front.
Call me.
Hair.
I don't know because I don't want to have hair.
Drink the hair.
Don't go to both.
I don't want to go there.
I'm a car.
I'm a man.
Let's drink a lot.
It's a good drink.
It's really good.
Everyone drinks.
You drink.
There are many.
Why are you giving up?
Don't think it's my food today.
It's a break.
Drink without giving up.
I shouldn't say that.
I'm so angry that I drink so much.
I don't want to say that.
Drink.
Drink this month's moon night.
It's starting again.
The moon night is out.
I'm surprised.
I can't help it.
I'm sorry, but I'm not thirsty.
There is a person who drinks alcohol when he is thirsty.